This Project contains my work on the communication protocols.

UART(Universal Asynchronous Receiver and Transmitter)
Here I can send 8 bit of data serially and receive 8 bit of data using this protocol 
The bit stream generated and recieved bit stream is in format of one start bit(Taken as 0) ,The 8 bits of data ,One Odd Parity bit and one stop bit(1).
The coding is Done Verilog and the model is simulatedly verified by using Xilinx Vivado.
The image of the simulation result is also shared where first the transmission of the data given occurs and after a few clock cycles (after my tranmission is done) the receiving is done.

SPI(Serial Peripheral Interface)
16 bit data can be transferred between master and slave.
A clk divider is used in the master to reduce the internal clock.
A SCLK (Clock between Master and Slave) is used for data transmission and is generated by master.
The coding is Done Verilog and the model is simulatedly verified by using Xilinx Vivado.
The image of the simulation result is also shared in png format where Data is given to both the inputs of Master and Slave Outputs shows the inputs of the other.

I2C(Inter-Integrated Circuit)
8 bit data can be transferred between multiple masters and slaves but only one operation and only one master can use the bus.
clock synchronization done clock generated by master only during transmissions.
The coding is Done Verilog and the model is simulatedly verified by using Xilinx Vivado.
The image of the simulation result is also shared in png format where firstly data is given to master and then data is given to slave both gave outputs of eachother inputs.
Start condition is when sda goes down and then sclk starts toggling and stop condition when sda is goes up sclk stops toggling.


